Crime Stoppers Project (MAIN - tips 1, 2, and 4)
Impromptu confession - HUMAN RIGHTS WATCH (Post)

ANNOTATIONS

I, Ksenia Mia Bragilovski, would like to report the Canadian Ministry of Health and the associated government authorities for denying me a normal living for 16+ years 
and attempting to make a criminal out of me and my estranged family thereby inflicting severe psychological, physical, and economic harm by not reporting to all of us,
upon entry, or after medical examination, that any one of us is afflicted with a disease which will require long-term financial and physical investment. Canadian 
authorities had all means, information, and ability to communicate with us, individually, upon entry to Canada or otherwise deny any of us entry for reasons of poor 
health or deny entry to a given individual for reasons of poor health or make it a condition that individual(s) of poor health immigrate with a status of a refugee 
thereby making it clear to all involved where we stand with our capabilities to make a future in Canada and decriminalizing us a priori. Instead, you single-handedly 
decided, for one reason or the other, to ASSUME the worst-case scenario and put me into a severe state of duress (physical and emotional) by virtue of luring me into 
jobs, and otherwise negatively manipulate my professional path and hinder my advancements by making normal job opportunities unavailable for me thereby ridding me of 
control and free will in the manner of defining my future life. 

To this day, I am cut off from the outside world and without any means to support myself, nor be reassured by Canadian health authorities that I am 100% healthy. 
Unless I know definitively whether my mother was carrying me with STD or she contracted it after she gave birth to me, I will forever have lowered level of control 
over my health status. I want to see a clean bill of health and no strange diagnoses such as 'neutropenia' or 'mild asthma', etc., and thereby be completely 
decriminalized from this point on. Again, I don't have a point of reference to what Canadian "HEALTHY" is supposed to be and feel like. Again, I repeat - I have not 
exchanged semen fluids with anyone but my former boyfriend (sabotage through a damaged condom followed up by Plan B and obgyn visit) in Tashkent 6 months prior to my 
medical examination for entry into Canada in March 2006.

I never used drugs, nor was I drugged nor do I recall having episodes of amnesia, or being in one place and then the other. 
I remember fainting after medical examiners took tubes of blood from me for examination to enter Canada and another - in Richmond Hill from spoiled meat or fish but I 
was alone in the toilet stall at work at that time. I had 1 surgery on my tonsils in Jan of '93 with local anesthesia, and the food was whatever it was. At no point 
was I sexually abused nor molested.

To this day, I do not know definitively and for certain nor am I reassured by Canadian health authorities, a citizen of which I am, whether my mother has been infected 
with her malaise after she engaged with her current spouse, Mr. Mogilevskiy, whatever his condition is, before that or even before my birth thereby putting me in 
effective custody of my circumstances, while you investigate, and continuing to exploit your information advantage to my physical, psychological and financial 
disadvantage making me an effective, yet unwilling and unaware, 
fugitive from justice for all these years, further criminalizing me, stigmatizing socially and enslaving me financially, and intentionally putting me into human 
slavery in segments of society with low ROIs, poor credits, corrupt or otherwise intellectually-deprived management and lack of opportunities; a prison of criminal 
circumstances over which I have no control, effectively making me a persona-non-grata in Canada, and keeping me in prison without allowing me to earn a normal 
standard of living. 

It is not my job nor am I being paid to ensure the well-being of all citizens of Canada but I refuse to be sacrificed for this objective, I refuse to be snubbed, 
stigmatized, enslaved, and harmed in every possible way imaginable without any of my wrongdoing, at least intentional and in full awareness. 
 
I do not understand why I am still out of the job when I am more than qualified, capable, experienced, and educated in all possible aspects required to secure 
employment. This is the least of what any given citizen needs, not to mention an adequate environment and health to establish a family, which I have already been 
rid of. The damage that was done to me may be irrevocable and instead of helping me out of the situation, Canadian authorities CHOOSE to look on and enable the my 
ongoing situation.

I repeat - I am being taken advantage of by the Government of Canada through charitable and non-profit organizations as I do not receive any services nor support in 
finding employment or a healthcare practitioner in York Region where I reside. I am currently paying for my property in Vaughan to the Bank which is extorting money 
from me knowing my circumstances. I do not see how I can resolve this situation without the involvement of international authorities in resolving human rights 
violations. 

You have effectively incarcerated me in sole confinement as I do not have any family members nor friends who would help me and for that you are charging me moneys. 

Open up my access to the outside world (internet, phone) immediately. 


