Ministry of Health Health Care Connect Program: Experience of a Foreign Slave or MY OPTIONS (aka 'kill-yourself-on-your-own-terms')

Canadian Health Care Connect program (https://www.health.gov.on.ca/en/ms/healthcareconnect/pro/) has allegedly been established to find family physicians for everyone registered, only that it has not 
been my experience whatsoever. HCC coordinators / navigators are even trying to make a quasi-legit excuse of me having OPTIONS, in the mean time, and while they are 
UNABLE to perform on their publicly funded mandate.

..."What would you do if you did not have a doctor", the coordinators ask, which is precisely the case with me for the past 3 years. - Great question!

My answer - OPTION 1:
I would, of course, know to call 911 when I had difficulties breathing or had severe pain anywhere in the body, was in a near-death state, or had a stroke or a heart 
attack, which I wouldn't be able to assist myself with, to begin with, for the severity of this condition is known to render people incapacitated. Furthermore, in cases 
of such "emergencies", I don't know who is going to show up, or where I will be taken for I am alone, single and isolated and have no one else to account for me, clearly
and in English. For all that matters, the government can call a morgue service for me and take me out feet first cold from the back door in case of such "911" 
emergencies.

My answer - OPTION 2:
Walk-in clinics - of course, they would be able to "admit" me, only that they treat me not to improve my overall health status but to add one more patient to their 
bucket and show how busy they are treating me in a cost- and time-efficient manner, which, in turn, renders me sicker over time than what I started with when I was 
initially admitted rendering the "walk-in" service effectively useless in the short- and mid-term and harmful - in the long-term (aka the health impact of the 
multicultural mosaic slapped all over me, or the ragdoll effect).

Overall, I was very much treated as a slave in Canada - paired with an ill individual and denied normal healthcare. I was NOT brought to Canada to prosper and to create 
a fulfilled living for myself, I was brought in here to slave, work 12-hour days in menial no-mention jobs and be helpful to someone deemed in my "value" category - 
i.e. an individual 5 years older with a congenital illness, which wouldn't be such a problem (me being generous here, likely as an effect of Ibuprofen) if it was managed 
by doctors, didn't affect my health, and I would be in the loop on potential long-term repercussions of his condition.  

Sincerely, 
Mia Bragilovski 
(exploring my OPTIONS... or RIP)
