Draft (stylistically bad English, on purpose)

Peripheral Causes of Interest ().


Social Issue 1: Objectification of women by physical characteristics AND assignment of value / earning potential based on these characteristics. 

Social Issue 2: I am so profoundly Black, I feel Mississippi in the 1900s with KKK overlords riding our horses, giving out guns and drugs, hunting us in swamps and 
keeping discriminatory working conditions while conveying ice cream cones, popsicles and mineral waters around while we sweat in the bushes harvesting sugar cane. 
... so that we (i.e. whatever cohort I belong to that has the same EXPERIENCE), scum, all die out sooner than later. 


HUMAN GARBAGE TALK

I am proudly FAT, have always been, and will always be, there is no need to overcomplicate the message. Fat be it due to either of the many potential causes, but mainly 
due to socio-economic factors I and my ancestors lived in for the past century. Dear doctors here in overly-developed Canada seem to be unversed and utterly disinterested
in the endocrine systems of their patients (or any systems to that effect) so to improve their patient's lives, chances at reproduction, and the community's well-being 
so to speak. My healthcare providers of the past 15 years, Marina Berg and Laura Narducci, must have been very much looking out for my reproductive successes over the 
past 15 years for me to end like that. Needless to say I, like my mother before me, was paired with whoever it is we deserve according to societal perceptions. I 
imagine what garbage the authorities here must have imagined comes from UZBEKISTAN... 

Now, I'm being driven into bankruptcy as I am being denied a living while everyone including Police, from RCMP to YRP, and CHRC and other authorities I wrote to are 
looking on. 

My mother and I were deemed garbage, indeed. And so garbage you get back in return. I very much acknowledge that perception and choose to concentrate on other things 
in my life while pleasing myself in whatever way suits me at any given point in time, and no - it ain't going to be the one involving a normal sought-out man's 
satisfaction of any kind. 

Move on. You can add a man-hater to the list of nicknames for all I care, which is not quite right because I don't necessarily hate, I am rather angry at times when 
my rights are being infringed on. In the end - you have to accept that you, Canada, rob immigrants of their assets and give very little in return. Please don't expect 
me to be overly patriotic in this regard. 

Yes, I am after material success because other successes were made inaccessible to me for 30+ years, and by the very definition of my birth. I bet that all the other 
white Canadian girls got a very different experience in their first 30 years of life. So having said all that, don't expect me to have friends of any kind. 

I am not going to go at length into inspirational speeches about the objectification of women and valuing them primarily by physical characteristics (even if it is 
justified from the reproductive point of view, given the current state of medical science, and to satisfy males' innate desire for sexually healthy and 
low-effort/high-pleasure ratio mates). So needless to say, males of all denominations can find themselves whoever it is they are usually interested in (they tell me 
all about it, as practice). To each their own, and so applies to me, too, in equal measure. I am not interested in stroking anyone's ego, and there is no need to send 
Black dudes with plastic peanut butter jars to follow me around either. I'll be eating by the bucket if I choose to, and not the healthiest options if I so please. 
Rewind 25 years and I lost my periods for about a year by keeping to a slimmed-down version of myself, which was still too fat according to societal expectations, alas.
No thank you, no more. 

You can call it whatever you want - metabolism, hormones, endocrine system disorders, lesions in the brain, genetics, etc. In short - I am fat/plump/big/manly, more or
less, regardless of what I eat and to what extent I exercise, if at all. Let's move on now and put this fact behind already. I don't have the resources nor the doctor 
to define and fix the problem. It must be a matter of biochemistry in my periventricular region of the brain, as you said, and the F.Cholesterolemia, of course.

I am from Uzbekistan, I didn't have a nice cushy upbringing nor was I popular at school, nor did I have parties and gifts for B-days and New Year. I did enjoy making 
enough money to provide for myself 5 times over, and this is what I strive for, you can keep your studs to inseminate local cows (the ones with noble blood untouched 
by foreign bacteria, viruses, and environmental pollution, pure wombs destined to bring in holy baby jesuses into this world, golden children with perfect physiques, 
heritage lines, unheard of intelligence and unbounded potential overall.) 

I came to Canada for a better life but got robbed of 17 years of my life instead. I do not want to remarry because I know how much the Government can hurt me and how 
much you hate me and the likes of me. I will be seeking asylum in another country if need be. I will, it seems, never have the so-loudly promised equal rights and 
opportunities, the comparable standard of living (comparable given all the UNREPORTED incomes in trust and offshore accounts; not like what we have to contend with - 
JJ & walkie-talkie and their kind as it goes sitting on 70K / and 110K / year payroll, respectively, naturally to infiltrate into masses of the mortals and the 
regulars, Customer Service Desk my ass, being all righteous, team-leading and handling 'police' inquiries and such nonsense, juggling peoples lives with straight faces)
, and chances to earn a normal living (I actually want a comfortable luxury, not the Nouveau riche style but very comfortable with normal assets, not the ones like I 
will die in 3 years, the ones your kind enjoys). I bet no one aside from the masterminds of this bullshit even knows about the extent of damage done to me in the past 
17 years. Am I greedy? Yes, I am fucking greedy, I am very greedy but that's what you want us to be right? so that we kill each other off and you don't have to lift a 
finger. Such blasphemy, such blasphemy. Send us all back to "where we come from" already. No, wait, first drive us into a state of total ruin financially and 
health-wise, and then give a glimmer of hope, while we are standing on the edge of the cliff, throw us a rope to catch and hang ourselves. 
move my mother to VM already to rear children, along with Michael, so that you can look at how Jewish-boy doctors slaughter them all in a hurry. Whatever, you hate us 
all. 
