My ill-wishers (mostly wealthy White Canadians who expect me to turn hostile when observing their riches and privileges (communal, genetical, financial, familial) when 
working/living in a close-knit community with them and/or infect them with my viruses and bacteria - re: the very theme of my professional stays in Canada, which drew 
more and more oriental in environment and remote in nature) are currently trying to prove that I do not belong in the private for-profit sector, employed in "normal" 
canadian businesses, by organizing worst experiences for me via having access to my person and my property and, thereby, exploiting their information and financial 
advantages to their benefit and my detriment. 

I hereby let everyone know upfront - I was born in USSR to a Russian-Ukrainian father and a Russian-Ukrainian-Ashkenazi-Jewish mother, who was slaughtered rather shrewdly
making her look Asian and bloated. You can read about my family history in my other posts about ethnic cleansing and familial genocide, amongst other attempts to 
disintegrate the family and kill off all descendants. I was a White minority in a what-is-now predominantly Islamic country (one of the 16 Soviet republics). I am 
non-religious and of widely European views and values. I was born into chaos, raised in chaos, and taken advantage of by many I cherished. 

I was married to a genetically-ill individual for 10 years, which took its toll on my health, the fact my healthcare providers did nothing about. My mother and her spouse
are immunocompromised, a fact that may affect my long-term life outlook to some degree, which I cannot manage as I am, to this day, without a primary physician. I don't 
have any family I can call upon. I am completely isolated and unemployed for more than a year now, which is taking its toll on my well-being, physical and financial.  

I was lured into Canada, as well as into a series of incoherent jobs that ensued, following my mother's and her spouse's immigration as a dependent in 2006, not knowing 
of either their health status not of their professional applicability in Canada. I was the target of sabotage, a forced pregnancy attempt, by a former boyfriend in 2005, 
which was remedied by a Plan B, a sani-rinse at an obgyn, and followed by Canadian Medical Examination tests (for those especially curious). I was the target of a failed 
sexual assault in Canada in 2006, the target of numerous scams and an attempt on my life, all orchestrated with the purpose to close my access to the outside world and 
normal job placements, which I was successfully denied over the course of the past 16+ years. 

I, however, refuse to work for the police, the non-profit sector, or its affiliate services. I refuse to run to the police every day I am being targeted for yet another 
attack on my health, security, identity, communication channels, free will, and expression. 
